# Project Documentation

This site provides project documentation.
Use the documentation navigation to explore.

## How-To Guide

Many instructions are common to all our projects.

See
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get the example projects running on your machine.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md)  - the standard project workflow
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for the public project interface

## Phase 4. Technical Modification

I changed the amount of bins that the mining case returns - this effectively allows us to glean more from the data as it results in higher amounts of categorized data pulls (ranges.)

The reason that I wanted to explore this change was to explore how you dont have to necessarily edit the data but rather how the data is pulled.

Once I ran the new custom app mining_case_jonathan I was able to view this new graph successfully; not only did I change the "bin" parameter but also changed the color to make sure that I was viewing a new graph.

This was surprisingly easy; the more I explore these projects the more I realize that the applicable use of copying repos is that they are editable; to find a good repo is less in the code and more in the documentation of what has allready been written, being able to decipher what the foundation of the code is provides the opportunity for refinement into your own case use.

## Phase 5. Custom Project

Describe your custom data mining and exploration work.

### Basis and Data

Describe the raw data you worked with.

Include:

Overall sales data, product data and customers data. I think it is interesting that the data tables are applied and attributed within the files; as I was writing the code it was confusing where the names were pulling from; I knew that data names but not necessarily the subheadings.

### Mining Approach

Describe how you explored and visualized the data.

I essentially tried to look at the data in the same lense as the original but with greater refinement with bins; this allowed a closer look at the data ranges as it wasn't as grouped.

### Findings

Describe what you discovered about the smart sales data.

Include:

I think the data is good, it provides a great deal of insight into the sales prices, category and dating which could be extrapolated to seasonal changes, average sales price etc. I do think that the overall problem with the data is that it is too general; "office" for example does not provide a whole lot of insight into what product was bought. You could say that office sales go through the roof in a specific month but without analyzing the specific product you wont know why.

### Summary

Summarize your custom data mining work.

Increasing the "BIN" count allowed us to examine the total sales by region and total sales by category with a new lense.

Greater refinement = greater clarity.
